Utsuya, here's some water.
Thank you. Please have some.
Don't say that.
You drink a lot of sake.
But you drink so much water.
I can't forget.
When I was seven, I drank a lot of sake.
I still can't forget the pain of that time.
You're drinking water now.
You're going to make me wait for that painful moment.
Please don't say that.
Who's going to forgive you?
Utsuya, this water is different from the last one.
It's the same.
It tastes bad.
You used the second one.
It's the same.
I just heard that it tastes bad.
I can't drink such a bad water.
It's a waste to throw it away.
Please open the pot.
It's a problem if you open the pot with the water you drink.
It's good.
Who drinks water?
The water is equal to the amount of the water.
Utsuya, you're drunk.
Do you know why I'm drunk?
I don't know.
You know.
You know the man named Tage.
I don't know.
He's a big man with a big heart.
He's a great man.
He's a good man.
You know him, right?
I'm sure you know him.
He's from the same job as me.
He's a good man.
I'm happy to see him.
I'm happy.
You're happy, right?
You're not a soldier.
You're happy or not?
You're happy.
Don't say that.
I'm drunk.
I'm sorry.
You're a good man.
If you're going to forgive me,
you have to do it.
I'll forgive you.
I'm sorry.
I'll apologize to you.
But I have to apologize to you.
What did I do wrong?
I'm sorry.